Changelog 1.15 (#1420)
FlowFuse/website: src/changelog/2023/12/email-alerts.md

Reviewer: can we make the title a bit more SEO friendly?

`email-alerting-node-red-crash.md`?

---

> title: E-Mail Notifications

Reviewer: When? Why? For who?

date: 2023-12-21 12:00:00.0
authors: ["marian-demme"]
tags:
    - changelog
---

> The newly introduced feature offers email notifications tied to particular Auditlog events, available to all users with Team Tier access or higher. This feature is designed to facilitate immediate notification and action in response to significant occurrences, including incidents like a Node-RED Instance crash. For detailed information and guidance on this functionality, please refer to our [documentation](https://flowfuse.com/docs/user/instance-settings/#alerts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The newly introduced feature offers email notifications tied to particular Audit log events, available to all users with Team Tier access or higher. This feature is designed to facilitate immediate notification and action in response to significant occurrences, including incidents like a Node-RED Instance crash. For detailed information and guidance on this functionality, please refer to our [documentation](/docs/user/instance-settings/#alerts).
```

> including incidents like a Node-RED Instance crash. 

Great, but lets list all events if they're a handful :)
